Hongchen, what kind of party are you here for?
Sorry I forgot to tell you in detail.
What about my father?
Once performed heart surgery on Lu Lanye
He was grateful.
So every year when I'm damaged, I'm invited
I'm a little uncomfortable, I believe it, Xiao Xu
This is your girlfriend.
You don't introduce auntie
Her name is Warm
Is my witch
So cautious
Dear, let me introduce it to you.
His name is Xu Yuncheng
The son of Dr. Xu who saved the old man
And this is his girlfriend.
How did you get in?
Xiaonuan is replacing my parents
Accompany me to the dinner party where the dew girl ends
Warm is really you
I almost didn't recognize it just now
It's just that I really didn't expect it.
Our daughter
How could it be the shadow of Dr. Xu?
box
Actually, Xiao Xu is the VIP of our Lu family
So is his girlfriend
Warm this bitch
I was scolded
I must settle this account with you.